What is ReportExpress
=====================
**ReportExpress** is a **library** for the people who **create reports using PHP**. 
It aims to enable the development of **much faster** reports based on JRXML generated by **iReport**, 
providing the support of a number of **components commonly needed** when **creating reports**, 
a logical structure that allows you to create any type of report. 
**ReportExpress** lets you creatively focus on your report, **minimizing** the amount 
of **code required** to accomplish desired.

Release Information
===================
This repo contains in development code for future releases.

License
=======
The ReportExpress library is released under two different licenses.

Do you want to use ReportExpress for a personal or non-profit project? 
Then you can use ReportExpress for free under 
the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License. 
To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/.

If your application can't meet the [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/ "Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License")
or is a commercial one (the library is integrated in a software or an appliance you're selling) 
then you'll have to buy a commercial license.
Commercial license price are depending of your needs: please contact to yordis.prieto@gmail.com

Disclaimer of Warranty
======================
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Limitations of Liability
========================
YOU ASSUME ALL RISK ASSOCIATED WITH THE INSTALLATION AND USE OF THE SOFTWARE. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OF THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR CLAIMS, 
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE. 
